1.1.1 - LATÜRNICH (#186)
nf-core/pangenome: README.md

[![run with conda](http://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-conda-3EB049?labelColor=000000&logo=anaconda)](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/)
[![run with docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-docker-0db7ed?labelColor=000000&logo=docker)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![run with singularity](https://img.shields.io/badge/run%20with-singularity-1d355c.svg?labelColor=000000)](https://sylabs.io/docs/)
[![Launch on Seqera Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Launch%20%F0%9F%9A%80-Seqera%20Platform-%234256e7)](https://tower.nf/launch?pipeline=https://github.com/nf-core/pangenome)

[![Get help on Slack](http://img.shields.io/badge/slack-nf--core%20%23pangenome-4A154B?labelColor=000000&logo=slack)](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/pangenome)[![Follow on Twitter](http://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%40nf__core-1DA1F2?labelColor=000000&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/nf_core)[![Follow on Mastodon](https://img.shields.io/badge/mastodon-nf__core-6364ff?labelColor=FFFFFF&logo=mastodon)](https://mstdn.science/@nf_core)[![Watch on YouTube](http://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-nf--core-FF0000?labelColor=000000&logo=youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/nf-core)

> > WARNING: Version 1.1.0 does contain some known bugs. It is recommended to directly use version 1.1.1. For details please take a look at [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Version 1.1.0 contains some known bugs. It is recommended to directly use version 1.1.1. For details please take a look at [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

```
but I actually don't think this is necessary, the general recommendation is to always use the latest version of a pipeline and it's easy to forget to remove these section with the next release.

Author: aah, so let me remove this
